[APIM] Add changelog for new 3.18.18 release (#978)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/changelog/changelog-3.18.adoc

// <DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT - ANCHOR FOR FUTURE RELEASES>
 
== APIM - 3.18.18 (2023-01-27)

=== API

> * Plan policy were lost when migrated an API to design studio https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8632[#8632]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plan policies were lost when migrated from an API to design studio https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8632[#8632]
```
